This project contains the source and build files for two different imaging filters: ThresholdImageFilter and OtsuThresholdImageFilter. 

The SOURCE CODE for each filter can be found in the {./Source} directory within the main project directory. Once in the {./Source} directory, you will see separate directories for {./ThresholdImageFilter} and {./OtsuThresholdImageFilter}. Within each filter's directory is the source code and associated CMakeLists.txt file. The source code for this project was adapted from the source code provided in ITK Examples, specifically the {BinaryThresholdImageFilter.cxx} and {OtsuThresholdImageFilter.cxx} files. 

Also in the {./Source} directory, you will find a directory titled {./Input_Images}. The raw input 3D image file {jakob_rad_convention_stripped_with_cere.img} and the header file {jakob_rad_convention_stripped_with_cere.hdr} are located therein. Thus, when executing the filter, the FILE PATH for the input .img file will be {'../../Source/Input_Images/jakob_rad_convention_stripped_with_cere.img'} for applying either of the filters. Additionally, any 3D image can be read in to these files by indicating a valid file path to its location on the local machine. 

To RUN either filter, first move into the {./Bin} directory within the main project folder. Within this directory you will find a directory titled {./ThresholdImageFilter_build} and another directory titled {./OtsuThresholdImageFilter_build}. Depending on which filter you wish to run, move into the appropriate build directory. Within the filter's build directory (e.g., ThresholdImageFilter_build), run the executable file by entering the name of the filter (e.g., ./ThresholdImageFilter) followed by the appropriate ARGUMENTS. For the ThresholdImageFilter, the arguments that follow the executable file name are FILE PATH followed by THRESHOLD INTENSITY. 

For example, entering {./ThresholdImageFilter ../../jakob_rad_convention_stripped_with_cere.img 70} within the{./ ThresholdImageFilter_build} directory will execute the Threshold Image Filter by setting all pixels with intensity below 70 to 0, and all pixels above 70 to 255. 

Likewise, entering {./OtsuThresholdImageFilter ../../jakob_rad_convention_stripped_with_cere.img} within the {./OtsuThresholdImageFilter_build} directory will execute the code for the Otsu Threshold Filter. Note that the only argument needed for this filter is the FIle PATH to the input image, since this filter determines the threshold automatically.     

The OUTPUT IMAGES are written to appropriately named {.img} and {.hdr} files within the {./Output_Images} directory located within the {./Bin} directory of the main project folder. These images can be viewed by opening their {.hdr} files within an appropriate viewing software, such as MRIcro. 